# Frequently asked questions

# Where can I use GenAI Activities?

You can use GenAI Activities with the following products.

Apps

UiPath Apps has a native integration with Integration
                Service. You can use GenAI Activities in display controls and as events directly.
                You can also build apps that initiate workflows that contain GenAI Activities.

Studio Web

UiPath GenAI Activities are available in
                Studio Web. Use the activity search pane to find the UiPath GenAI Activities
                category or search for individual activities by name.

Studio
                Desktop on version 2023.10 or newer

UiPath GenAI activities, like all
                Integration Service activities, are available in Studio, in the Activities
                panel, in the Available section, as part of
                    UiPath.IntegrationService.Activities. There is no need to
                manually manage the package. The most recent version of the activities is
                automatically applied to your dependencies when you add an activity to your
                workflow. If you open a new project and add the activities in it, the latest version
                is applied.

Autopilot for developers

GenAI Activities
                are incorporated into the Autopilot for developers index. If you describe an
                automation that requires an LLM call or a specific activity like Categorize,
                that activity is generated by your natural language description of your automation.

Action Center

Automation developers use Action Center
                to incorporate a human-in-the-loop for validation purposes. This is a crucial step
                for automations containing GenAI. You can and should incorporate the validation of
                GenAI outputs in addition to your normal debugging and testing. You can easily set
                up conditions under which human validation is required using If statements
                (deterministic) or by executing a separate prompt activity to evaluate the output.
                Under the appropriate conditions, you can send the output to Action Center using one
                of the following options:

Action Apps – Action
                        Apps allow you to build a custom application that accepts inputs and
                        input/outputs from workflows that are paused until a human reviews something
                        before proceeding. With Action Apps, you can use the full capabilities of
                        UiPath Apps, including custom user interfaces, Integration Service API
                        calls, and the ability to call other workflows. Finally, you can approve and
                        send the confirmation back to the paused workflow.Tasks – Tasks are
                        simple steps sent to Action Center. They are not as easy to customize as
                        Action Apps, but can be used to approve or exit a workflow depending on
                        custom-defined inputs and outputs.Autopilot for everyone

Autopilot for everyone and UiPath Assistant, which
                it is based on, allow you to reference workflows that may contain GenAI Activities.
                In this way, you can interact via an intelligent chat interface and invoke processes
                that have GenAI activities woven into them.

Document
                Understanding and Communications Mining

Document Understanding and
                Communications Mining offer extensive functionality and design-time control for
                dealing with both documents and communications intelligently. Both products bring
                standard machine learning and generative features to increase confidence and
                exercise greater control over any use case involving documents or communications.

You can combine Document Understanding and Communications Mining processes
                with other processes that use GenAI Activities. For example, you can ingest a
                document, digitize it, split it into different sections, extract different key
                pieces of information via Document Understanding, and then translate and summarize
                sections using GenAI Activities.

# Why
                do I need to connect to UiPath GenAI Activities if they are a first-party service?

GenAI Activities use Integration Service to allow you direct access to
                UiPath-managed models via the UiPath AI Trust Layer. Integration Service requires a
                connection to execute authenticated API calls and to provide governance around which
                connections the robot uses at run time. GenAI Activities are based on Integration
                Service, thus require a connection. You are asked to create this connection only
                once.

# What
                value do the GenAI Activities serve?

GenAI Activities give you access to
                managed subscriptions for popular foundation models from a variety of vendors. This
                means that you don’t need to commit to cloud service providers or manage
                infrastructure. Instead, you can focus on reaping the benefits of GenAI decisioning
                directly into your workflows and optimizing for the highest quality results.

GenAI Activities offer quality-tested, prompt-based activities with simple inputs and outputs to
                accomplish common RPA tasks like categorization, summarization, image comparison,
                etc.

All calls are routed through the UiPath AI Trust Layer, so you benefit from governance controls
                and audit capabilities. In the AI Trust Layer Automation Ops policy, you can choose
                to disable the GenAI Activities for a particular tenant. This ensures no user or
                robot is able to execute requests. You can also set up an Integration Service
                Automation Ops policy to hide the entire UiPath GenAI Activities for tenants,
                groups, or users in your organization.

# Are
                GenAI Activities available on-premises?

No. You can use on-premises robots that have access to Orchestrator in the Cloud, but GenAI
                Activities, AI Trust Layer, and Context Grounding are currently available only in
                Automation Cloud.

# Why
                can’t I see GenAI Activities in Studio Web or Studio Desktop?

If you
                don't see the GenAI Activities in Studio Desktop or Studio Web, make sure
                    you:

Don't have an Automation Ops
                        policy that prevents you from using GenAI Activities.Use Studio Desktop version
                        2023.10 or newer.

# Why
                are GenAI Activities failing in my automations?

Errors may occur for the
                following reasons:

Rate limiting: UiPath has instituted safeguards to
                ensure that GenAI Activities are not abused or misused. You may encounter a rate
                limit error, calculated based on the total tokens (roughly corresponding to word
                count) submitted within a certain time interval. If you encounter this error,
                reconfigure your workflow to include multiple GenAI calls with smaller context
                windows, separate GenAI Activity executions across multiple workflows, or add delays
                in the workflows. If you consider this error has occurred without reason or is
                blocking your adoption of GenAI Activities, contact your account management
                team.

Automation Ops policy: An AI Trust Layer Automation Ops policy
                can block your tenant from executing activities. Contact your administrator and make
                sure the policy is disabled in order to use the activities.

Context window exceeded: All models supported in the GenAI Activities have very explicit
                context windows, which means that only a text string of a certain length is
                supported. Check the LLM vendor documentation to see what the individual model
                limits are (expressed in tokens, but can easily be converted to word count).
                Consider the length of your inputs expected at run time. Another option is to use
                Context Grounding to analyze content that may exceed the context window for a single
                request.

Context Grounding errors: See the Context Grounding  and ensure that
                you are following best practices, particularly regarding the supported file
                types.

# Why
                isn’t a certain model available in Content Generation or Image Analysis?

UiPath gives you access to quality-proven, enterprise-ready models in a
                provider-agnostic manner. The  and  activities allow you to select models that UiPath has licensed
                and validated for GenAI Activity use. If there is a model that you and your
                organization would like supported, reach out to your account team or contact us via
                the UiPath Community forum.

# Why am I getting a suboptimal
                output from my GenAI activities?

For the  or
                    
                activities, where you control the prompt directly, the most likely cause for a
                suboptimal output is that the prompt is not worded appropriately or critical
                variables/arguments are not correctly populated. Use a model to help you better word
                your prompt by explaining your use case, your expected output, and the prompt you’re
                using. Poorly worded or unclear prompts can result in unexpected results.

Ensure you test your workflows extensively, particularly so with GenAI Activities.
                Make sure to log messages and that variables and arguments are correctly
                displayed.

If you're using Context Grounding, make sure the index that you are referencing has
                been properly ingested. If you're using a file, make sure the file is in a supported
                format.

Your prompt may be cut off due to hitting a context window limit.

# Why
                can’t I select a model for activities like Categorize, Named Entity Recognition, or
                Object Detection?

Activities such as Categorize, , or Object Detection are designed to deliver the best output
                for a given task using a pre-tested prompt and model combination. All of these tasks
                can be accomplished using a custom prompt as well, if you require more control over
                model configuration.

# What
                are the licensing requirements to use GenAI Activities?

GenAI Activities consume either AI Units or Platform Units per execution, including
                design time and runtime, based on your licensing plan.

Flex licensing plan, with AI
                        Units: Each GenAI Activity execution, regardless of token-size, is charged 1
                        AI Unit against the available allotment. Context Grounding requests are
                        charged separately: one request consumes 1 AI Unit. If you are using a GenAI
                        activity with Context Grounding, the total execution cost is 2 AI Units.
                            The AI units consumption associated to the use of GenAI Activities is
                            displayed in Automation Cloud Admin, on the Consumables tab of
                            the organization- and tenant-level Licensing page.Unified Pricing licensing
                        plan, with Platform Units: Each GenAI Activity execution, regardless of
                        token-size, is charged 0.2 Platform Units against the available allotment.
                        Context Grounding requests are charged separately: each request consumes 0.2
                        Platform Units. If you are using a GenAI activity with Context Grounding,
                        the total execution cost is 0.4 Platform Units.

# How do I use Context Grounding in GenAI
                Activities?

Context Grounding is currently available
                in the 
                activity. You can use an index (a repository of documents upon which the prompt is
                grounded) or upload a file for a just-in-time Context Grounding. It works by taking
                all of the data submitted in the prompt and searching through the index or file
                submitted for contextually relevant data to ground the prompt in.

Check out the Context Grounding Frequently asked questions and Best practices for the latest
                information.

# How
                can I incorporate human-in-the-loop to validate GenAI Activity outputs?

With GenAI Activities you can save on development time and build what
                would otherwise be very complex, deterministic workflows. There is a trade-off,
                however, in that all GenAI outputs are inferences. You can optimize inferences with
                better instructions (prompting) provided to the model, higher quality
                inputs/variables, and grounding your queries and tasks in an appropriate context.

However, we recommend you institute validation steps whereby a robot loops in
                a human to ensure that the GenAI output was accurate. This doesn't have to happen
                for all workflows. In many cases you can incorporate a score or evaluation threshold
                that would warrant a human-in-the-loop (perhaps by using a GenAI activity for
                evaluation). For human validation, UiPath has a variety of options available:

* Action Apps – Action Apps allow you to build custom app interfaces using UiPath Apps that offer the full breadth of Apps capabilities (including Integration Service activities/API calls, etc.). You can configure where and how GenAI activity outputs are displayed, action options that would dictate the next steps that the robot takes, etc. There are Marketplace templates available to get you started. By inserting Create App Task and Wait for App Task and Resume activities, you can pause a robot in the middle of its operation until an assigned business owner or user validates the output. The robot remains in a waiting state until the Action App task is completed.

* Action Center Tasks – You can also use simple Action Center Tasks. Note that they don’t offer as many functionalities or customization options as Action Apps.

# Can
                I use my own instance of a model through a cloud service like Azure OpenAI?

You can use the Integration Service third-party connectors to connect to
                popular cloud Services like Azure OpenAI, OpenAI, etc.

# What
                kind of use cases can I accomplish using GenAI Activities?

Generative AI
                can make very complex tasks relatively simple for RPA developers to accomplish. With
                GenAI Activities, working with LLMs in the context of Studio, Studio Web, Apps,
                etc., becomes simple. Check out the following list to see what you can do with GenAI
                activities:

* Ticket categorization in Service Desk automation: Using the Categorize activity combined with popular Integration Service connectors like ServiceNow, Freshdesk etc., you can manage ticket categorization and routing.
* Meeting minutes summary: Using the activity, you can summarize meeting transcripts and then send the summary to team members using popular email connectors or messaging apps, like Slack or Microsoft Teams.
* Automated follow-up for unresolved customer issues: With the Generate Email activity, you can feed custom instructions and email body requirements directly and output an email in formatted HTML or text. You can then send this email using a Gmail or Microsoft Outlook 365 Send Email activity.
* Rewriting technical documentation for different audiences: Use the Rewrite activity to simplify technical documentation for non-technical users and teams.
* Internal policy translation for global teams: With the Translate activity you can translate policies and documents for one of the languages supported or a custom language.
* Detecting customer query language for multilingual support: Detect the language of incoming customer queries using the simple Detect Language activity for routing to the appropriate team.
* Contract drafting with internal data integration: Have legal teams reference a corpus of contracts already written to match style, tone and reference relevant context by using the custom prompt activity, with the Existing Index option for Context Grounding.
* Product description with image integration for e-commerce: Use to generate a custom product description of an image for use in e-commerce apps or for inventory management systems.
* Inventory management and quality control: Detect defective items from a production line using custom criteria in the activity.
* Detecting differences in product versions for compliance: Compare multiple product images to determine differences and violations of compliance using the activity.
* Document type classification in HR automation: Review scanned copies of documents and classify them according to custom criteria using the activity.
* Customer feedback sentiment analysis for product improvement: Review customer feedback and reviews to build recommendations for product feedback using the activity.
* Detecting duplicates in R&D proposals: Compare multiple proposals and determine where there are duplicates using the activity.
