# 2024.10.9

Release date: 5 February 2025

# Bug fixes

* The Export as Image context menu option did not work as expected in flowchart workflows.
* Converting a Windows - Legacy library to the Windows compatibility using the Create a new project option led to renaming the library, causing unresolved dependency errors in projects converted from Windows - Legacy.
* The Project Type drop-down menu in the New Template window was not keyboard accessible and was not announced by screen readers when focused.
* The information in the Autopilot panel was not announced by screen readers when focused.
* Creating or opening a project on a machine that was not connected to the internet took longer than expected.
* The connections between flowchart activities were not visible in some projects.
* Erratum - added March 27, 2025: A Document size exceeds database limit error occurred when debugging some projects that contained a large number of test cases. To reduce the project's database size and minimize the risk of encountering the error, activity properties such as TargetImageBase64,ImageBase64, and IconBase64 are no longer stored in the project's database. This fix brings the following improvements:Improved execution stability - Debugging a project affected by this issue could previously lead to execution freezes. Enhanced publishing process – Projects affected by this issue might have failed to publish with the following error: The project has Workflow Analyzer errors and cannot be published. Check global publishing settings allowed by your team.Refined Workflow Analyzer results - Analyzing an affected project could trigger errors such as: ERROR: Workflow Analyzer error - The parsed workflow document size exceeds database limit. Please break the workflow into smaller parts.

# Known issues

Templates created using the New Project > Template option in the Studio
                Backstage view are not correctly detected as templates. As a workaround, you can use
                the Export As > Template ribbon button to properly mark a project as a
                template. Existing template projects are not affected.

# Activity package versions

The following activity packages and versions
                are included in the UiPathStudio.msi installer and can be found in
                the local feed.

Activity packageVersionUiPath.UIAutomation.Activitiesv24.10.11UiPath.System.Activitiesv24.10.7UiPath.Excel.Activitiesv2.24.4UiPath.Mail.Activitiesv1.24.2UiPath.Word.Activitiesv1.20.3UiPath.ComplexScenarios.Activitiesv1.5.1UiPath.Presentations.Activitiesv1.14.2UiPath.Testing.Activitiesv24.10.4UiPath.WebAPI.Activitiesv1.21.1UiPath.Form.Activitiesv24.10.5UiPath.Callout.Activitiesv24.10.5
