# Process Tracking Service support

Persistence activities support Process Tracking Service only when the automation containing them has the Process tracking option enabled.

When multiple automations are used to implement an end-to-end business process, two behaviors occur:

# Trace ID propagation

Trace ID propagation—when the trace ID of automation A1 propagates automatically to an automation A2. All tasks in automation A2 belong to the trace ID of the automation A1.

The following table summarizes the Persistence activities that generate trace ID propagation:

ActivitiesTrace ID propagationJob-related activitiesStart Job and Get ReferenceOccurs when automation A1 triggers automation A2, the trace ID generated by automation A1 propagates automatically to automation A2. All tasks in automation A2 belong to the trace ID of the automation A1.Queue-related activitiesAdd Queue Item and Get referenceOccurs when automation A1 creates a queue item QI-1 using the mentioned activities. The trace ID generated by automation A1 propagates automatically to the automation that processes the queue item QI-1.Action Center-related activitiesWait for Form Task and ResumeWait for External Task and ResumeWait for App Task and ResumeOccurs when automation A1 creates a human-in-the-loop action, manageable through an Action Center task. The trace ID generated by automation A1 propagates automatically to the Action Center task.

# Task ID generation

Task generation—when automation A1 is suspended and waits for an external event to complete before resuming, such as a different automation to be fully executed, processing queue items, or waiting for an Action task to complete.

The following table summarizes the Persistence activities that generate new task IDs:

ActivitiesTask ID generationTask name syntaxTask start and end timestampsJob-related activitiesWait for Job and ResumeOccurs when automation A1 is suspended and waits for automation A2 to be fully executed before resuming.<ProcessName>—refers to the name of the process for automation A2, as published in Orchestrator.Task start timestam—when automation A1 suspends.Task end timestamp—when automation A1 resumes.Queue-related activitiesWait for Queue Item and ResumeOccurs when automation A1 starts and processes a queue transaction.Automation A1 maps queue item statuses to task statuses:Successful queue item - Successful taskFailed queue item - Failed taskPostponed queue item - Cancelled task<ProcessName-QueueName>—combines the process name that processed the queue item and the queue name where the item is located.Task start timestamp—when automation A1 starts processing the queue item.Task end timestamp—when automation A1 sets the queue item status or postpones the queue item.Action Center-related activitiesWait for Form Task and ResumeWait for External Task and ResumeWait for App Task and ResumeOccurs when automation A1 waits for a human-in-the-loop action to complete.<NameOfTheWaitActivity>—refers to the name of the "Wait for" activity, as set at design time in UiPath Studio.Task start timestam—when automation A1 suspends.Task end timestamp—when automation A1 resumes.
