# Studio Logs

# Studio Traces

The Studio Traces are diagnostic log messages generated by Studio, containing information related to its behavior.

The logging level settings and log file path can be modified by editing the <Installation Folder>\Studio.NLog.config file. If this file does not exist, it is automatically created when an event occurs. The section can be found under the <nlog> tag.

# Studio Traces Logging Level

The default selected minimum logging level for Studio is Warn (Warning), but more levels can be added or excluded in the same configuration file.

To only log Error and Warning levels, specify them in between the <rules> tag, like in the example below:

<rules> <logger name="*" level="Error" writeTo="AsyncTarget" />

<logger name="*" level="Warning" writeTo="AsyncTarget" /> </rules>

To limit the logs to a specific size, set the archiveAboveSize="<value in bytes>" in the <target> section:

<target name="AsyncTarget" xsi:type="AsyncWrapper" minlevel = "Off"> <target name="logfile" xsi:type="File" fileName="${logDirectory}/${shortdate}_Studio.log" layout="${time} => [${level:uppercase=true}] [${logger}] [${threadid}] ${message}" archiveAboveSize="<value in bytes>/>  </target>

To disable logging, simply set the minlevel tag to ”Off”, as you can see below:

<rules> <logger name="*" minlevel="Off" writeTo="AsyncTarget" /> </rules>

# Targets of the Studio Traces

The default log file path for Studio is %localappdata%\UiPath\Logs\<shortdate>_Studio.log. The format for <shortdate> is yyyy-mm-dd.

To change the log file path, simply change the value of the logDirectory parameter with the path you want to use.

For example, to move the log file path to the Desktop, modify the value="${specialfolder:folder=LocalApplicationData}/UiPath/Logs" parameter to value="${specialfolder:folder=DesktopDirectory".

Set the language for Windows keyboard to Japanese, Russian or French to make sure some Studio logs are localized in the respective languages.
