# Logging Levels

The following table lists the logging levels in UiPath.


| Logging Level | Default Logs | User-Defined Logs |
| --- --- ---| Off | None | None |
| Critical | All messages logged with Critical level or higher. | All messages logged with Critical level or higher. |
| Error | All messages logged with Error level or higher. | All messages logged with Error level or higher. |
| Warning | All messages logged with Warning or higher. | All messages logged with Warning or higher. |
| Information | All messages logged with Information or higher. | All messages logged with Information or higher. |
| Trace | All messages logged with Trace level or higher. | All messages logged with Trace level or higher. |
| Verbose | All messages logged with Trace level and Workflow Tracking logs. | All messages logged with Trace level. |

The Verbose level logs a message for both the activity start and end, plus the values of the variables and arguments that are used.

By default, the Verbose level includes:

* Execution Started log entry - generated every time a process is started.
* Execution Ended log entry - generated every time a process is finalized.
* Transaction Started log entry - generated every time a transaction item is obtained by the robot from Orchestrator.
* Transaction Ended log entry - generated every time the robot sets the transaction status to either Success or Failed.
* Activity Information log entry - generated every time an activity is started, faulted or finished inside a workflow. The priority order of the log types is: Verbose < Trace < Information < Warning < Error < Critical < Off. Log LevelLoggedExample / CommentLog FileOutput PanelOrchestrator Log pageVerboseActivities`Trace {"message":{"DisplayName":"Message box","State":"Executing","Activity":"UiPath.Dialog.Activities.MessageBox","Arguments":{"Caption":"","Text":"String in message BOXYesNoYesVerboseVariables`"Variables":{"NewTransaction":"FalseYesNoYesVerboseArguments (properties)`"Arguments":{"Caption":"","Text":"String in message BOX","ChosenButton":"OkYesNoYesTraceActivities`Trace {"message":{"DisplayName":"Main","State":"Executing","Activity":"System.Activities.DynamicActivityYesNoYesInformationWriteLineLog MessageInfo {"message":"message from activity"Except messages logged with Trace level set in activity.YesYesYesWarningWarningsWarn {"message":"Warning from log message activity"YesYesYesWarningErrorsError {"message":"Error from log message activity"YesYesYesWarningCriticalCritical ErrorsYesYesYesErrorErrorsError {"message":"Error from log message activity"YesYesYesErrorCriticalFatalCritical ErrorsYesYesYesCriticalCriticalFatalCritical ErrorsYesYesYesOFFn/an/aNoNoNo

## Log Message Types

There are several possible occurrences of log messages, depending on the event that is logged, as follows:

# Default Logs

Generated by default when the execution of a project starts and ends, when a system error occurs and the execution stops, or when the logging settings are configured to log the execution of every activity.

These logs have the Default value in the logType field.

The events logged by this category are:

* Execution Start is generated every time a process is started. This is logged starting with the Information logging level.
* Execution End is generated every time a process is finalized. This is logged starting with the Information logging level.
* Transaction Start is generated every time a transaction within a process is started. This is logged starting with the Information logging level.
* Transaction End is generated every time a transaction within a process is finalized. This is logged starting with the Information logging level.
* Error Log is generated every time the execution encounters an error and stops. This is logged starting with the Error logging level.
* Debugging Log is generated if the Robot Logging Setting is set to Verbose and contains, activity names, types, variable values, arguments etc. This is logged starting with the Trace logging level.

# User-Defined Logs

Generated according to the process designed by the user in Studio, when using the Log Message activity or the Write Line activity.

These logs have the User value in the logType field.

If such logs are generated at an interval lower than 1ms, they may be improperly displayed in the Output panel.


## Log Fields

There are multiple types of log fields that can be found throughout the above log message
      types. These can be classified as follows:

# Default fields

These log fields are present in all execution type logs, such as SQL (if configured),
        Elasticsearch (if configured), and the default EventViewer Logs:

* Message - The log message.
* Level - Defines the log severity.
* Timestamp - The exact date and time the action was performed.
* FileName - The name of the .xaml file being executed.
* jobId - The key of the job running the process.
* processName - The name of the process that triggered the logging.
* processVersion - The version number of the process.
* windowsIdentity - The name of the user that performed the action that was logged.
* robotName - The name of the robot (as defined in Orchestrator).The processName and processVersion fields do not appear in logs if the process is run locally, without being connected to Orchestrator.

# Type-specific fields

These logs are present depending on the log type:

* Execution EndtotalExecutionTimeInSecondstotalExecutionTime
* Transaction StartqueueNametransactionIDtransactionState
* Transaction EndqueueNametransactionIDtransactionStatetransactionStatustransactionExecutionTimeprocessingExceptionTypeprocessingExceptionReasonqueueItemReviewStatusqueueItemPriority
* Debugging LogactivityInfo, which is a JSON message with the following fields:DisplayNameState (Faulted, Closed, Executing) ActivityVariablesArguments

Only
        totalExecutionTimeInSeconds,
        totalExecutionTime and queueName are always
        present in the log messages. Variables and
        Arguments usually have sub-fields.

# User-defined fields

These fields are defined in Studio by using the Add Log Fields activity and appear
        in all subsequent logs after the activity is generated, unless they are removed by the
          Remove Log Fields activity.

Creating user-defined log
          fields that have the same name as a default log field causes the logging process to become
          corrupted and may cause issues in the workflow you are running.For example, creating a user-defined log field called jobId causes this
          issue, as jobId is a log field that is generated by default.

