# Project compatibility

In this page, you can check the availability of the UI Automation activities with
                        the different project compatibilities in UiPath Studio.

# Classic
                                activities

ActivityWindows -
                                                  LegacyWindowsCross-platformAll Classic
                                                  activities

# Modern
                                activities

ActivityWindows -
                                                  LegacyWindowsCross-platformApplication Event
                                                  TriggerCheck/UncheckCheck App StateCheck ElementClick1Click Event TriggerDrag and DropExtract Table DataFor Each UI ElementGet AttributeGet Browser DataGet TextGet URLGo to URLHighlightHover1Inject Js ScriptKeyboard Shortcuts2Keypress Event TriggerMouse ScrollNavigate BrowserSelect ItemSet Browser DataSet Runtime BrowserSet TextTake ScreenshotType Into3Use
                                                  Application/Browser4

1 Only the Same As Browser, Simulate, and Chromium
          API input methods are supported. The CursorMotionType property is removed
        because it is based on the Hardware Events input method.

2 It only supports the Chromium API input method.

3 Only the Same As Browser, Simulate, and Chromium API
        input methods are supported.

4 This activity is renamed to Use Browser and is no longer
        suitable for indicating anything else than browser windows. The Resize window and
          Window attach mode properties are no longer available. It only supports the
          Simulate and Chromium API input methods.

# Semantic
                                activities

ActivityWindows - LegacyWindowsCross-platformAll Semantic activities

# Computer Vision
                                activities

ActivityWindows - LegacyWindowsCross-platformAll Computer Vision activities

## Cross-platform

Cross-platform automation projects
                              are designed to run cross-platform on Windows, Linux, and macOS
                              operating systems. With the UI Automation activity package, you can
                              create Chrome browser-based automation projects that run
                              cross-platform.


### Design-time experience

The activities available in this project type are pointed out in the provided tables.

Available OCR engines:

* UiPath Screen OCR
* UiPath Document OCR
* OCR for Chinese, Japanese and
                Korean
* UiPath Extended Languages OCR

Supported browsers:

* Chrome on Windows, Linux, and macOS
* Microsoft Edge on Windows


### Activities specifics

Being tailored for a multitude of platforms, the activities used by cross-platform
            projects have a slightly different behavior when compared to the normal ones and have
            been, in some cases, stripped of some features, to ensure compatibility. In this
            section, you can find a list of these differences.

# Input methods

The Hardware Events input method is not supported in cross-platform
                automation. Thus, the Simulate and Chromium API input methods are the
                only available input methods.

# Targeting methods

Only Chrome is supported, and targets are only generated by using Strict
                    Selectors, Fuzzy Selectors, and Computer Vision, without
                    Image and Native Text.

# Project settings

The available Project Settings categories are:

* Generic - All Project Settings.
* Targeting Methods Web - Strict Selector, Fuzzy Selector, Enable Anchors, Ignore IDX, Input Modes for Simulate, and Chromium API.
* Application/Browser - Close, Open, UserDataMode, UserDataFolder.
* OtherActivities - CheckAppState, Hover.
* KeyboardEvents - ClickBeforeTyping, Empty Field.

# Capture All Elements

To be able to use the Capture All Elements feature, the mandatory Computer
                Vision API key and URL are displayed in the Project Settings.


### Runtime experience

Automations created with cross-platform projects can run on Windows, Linux robots, and
            macOS via the UiPath Assistant.

On Windows, you can run attended automations serverless from Microsoft Edge.

You can read more on how this is achieved below:

* Linux Robots
* Assistant on macOS

