# Accessing Automation Cloud Public Sector

Automation Cloud™ Public Sector supports federated user management, allowing authentication through trusted third-party services such as Azure Active Directory (AAD), and other SSO providers.

The management of this ecosystem is under the administrator's control. Administrators configure access by signing up, creating the organization and adding users. Non-admin users can sign into an organization as long as an administrator has created the organization and configured access for them in that organization.

## Signing in

To sign in to the Automation Cloud™ Public Sector, follow these steps:

Navigate to govcloud.uipath.us. The Sign In window is displayed, with the following options:Continue with MicrosoftContinue with SSOContinue with Email.Option 1. Select Continue with Microsoft if you previously signed up to your organization using AAD and you need to log in to your organization to perform maintenance on SSO settings.Selecting Continue with Microsoft directs you to the Pick an Account window managed by Microsoft. Select an existing account or use a different one.The system validates your credentials. If you are a member of one organization, the system redirects you to the Automation Cloud™ Public Sector Homepage. If you are a member of multiple organizations, the system shows you all the organizations you are a member of and enables you to select one. If you are not a member of any organizations, the system doesn't recognize your credentials, so it guides you through the sign-up process.Option 2. Select Continue with SSO if your organization was already set up for SSO using your organization's identity provider. This is the preferred option for regular usage of UiPath.Selecting Continue with SSO leads you to the Sign In with Enterprise SSO page.You are asked to fill in your organization's URL. If the URL matches with a known organization, and you are a member, the system signs you in through your assigned provider.Multi-factor authentication might apply.The system validates your credentials. If you are a member of one organization, the system redirects you to the Automation Cloud™ Public Sector Homepage. If you are a member of multiple organizations, the system shows you all the organizations you are a member of and enables you to select one. If you are not a member of any organizations, the sign-in fails.Option 3. Select Continue with Email to sign in with email and password. Use this option to manage the organization without having to authenticate with the organization's identity provider, for example for seting up SSO for the first time.Fill in the Email and Password.Password must be at least 8 characters long and contain at least one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one digit, and one special character.The system validates your credentials. If you are a member of one organization, the system redirects you to the Automation Cloud™ Public Sector Homepage. If you are a member of multiple organizations, the system shows you all the organizations you are a member of and enables you to select one. If you are not a member of any organizations, the sign-in fails.


## Signing up with Microsoft SSO

If your company uses Microsoft for authentication, you can sign up for Automation Cloud™ Public Sector using Microsoft SSO, by following these steps:

Navigate to govcloud.uipath.us. The Sign In window opens.Select Continue with Microsoft to use Microsoft SSO. This takes you to Microsoft's Pick an Account window.Choose an existing account or opt for using a different one. The system checks your credentials. If your credentials are associated with an existing organization, you are taken through the sign in process. Refer to details about the sign in process.If credentials are not associated with any existing Automation Cloud™ Public Sector organization, the system initiates the sign-up process, guiding you through creating a new organization:Fill out the requested details: Display Name and Job Title, then select Next.On the next window, choose your Country and State/Region, and input your Business/Company Name, then select Next.On the Create your cloud organization window, write the name of your organization and enter the license code obtained from UiPath.Select Create Organization. You have now successfully signed up and created your organization on Automation Cloud™ Public Sector. You can now define organization settings, tenants, services, and configure authentication settings to enable users to sign in under that organization.


## Signing up with email and password

If your company does not use Microsoft for authentication, you can sign up for Automation Cloud™ Public Sector using basic authentication credentials - your email and password. Follow these steps:

Navigate to govcloud.uipath.us. The Sign In window opens by default, allowing users with an existing Automation Cloud Public Sector account to sign in.Select Sign up to create a new user account. The Create a user account window opens.Select Continue with Email to use your chosen email and password for your account. The Email and Password fields expand.Fill in the chosen email address and password and select Continue. The system sends a verification code to the chosen email address. Copy the received verification code to the clipboard.Back to Automation Cloud Public Sector, fill in the verification code on the Verification Code field or select Resend for the system to generate and send a new code to the chosen email address.Select Continue to validate the verification code. If it successfully validates the verification code, the system creates your user account and the User account successfully created window opens.Fill out the requested details: Display Name and Job Title, then select Next.On the next window, choose your Country and State/Region, and input your Business/Company Name, then select Next. The Create your cloud organization window opens.Write the name of your organization and upload the license file obtained through the activation of a UiPath license code flow.Select Create Organization. You have now successfully signed up and created your Automation Cloud™ Public Sector organization. You can now define organization settings, tenants, users, and configure authentication settings to enable users to sign in under that organization.


## Signing up for a new organization with an existing account

To create an additional Automation Cloud Public Sector organization using an existing UiPath account, follow these steps:

Navigate to https://govcloud.uipath.us/portal_/signup.Sign in using your existing account credentials. Once successfully logged in, the system initiates the sign up process, guiding you to create a new organization.Fill out the requested details: Display Name and Job Title, then select Next.On the next window, choose your Country and State/Region, and input your Business/Company Name, then select Next. On the Create your cloud organization window, write the name of your organization and upload the license file obtained through the activation of a UiPath license code. Select Create Organization. You have now successfully signed up and created your organization on Automation Cloud™ Public Sector. You can now define organization settings, tenants, services, and configure authentication settings to enable users to sign in under that organization.

