# June 2019


### 3 June 2019

We are thrilled to announce that our bright new product UiPath Cloud Platform is open for public preview. Catering to both community and enterprise users, we aim to drive the enterprise segment to a cloud-first automation future by making it easy to deploy, operate, and scale your robotic force. With UiPath Cloud Platform, you can get from concept to production in just a few days, from automation newbie to large deployments in weeks.

We know how much all of you love our Community Edition Orchestrator, so we took it a few steps further - UiPath Cloud Platform offers a cloud-based Enterprise SaaS solution ready to provision and use immediately.

UiPath Cloud Platform offers a convenient and modern way of managing all your automation work and resources in one place. Manage your licenses, add multiple Orchestrator services, grant or remove user access rights to any of these instances, access services on permission basis to create robots, environments, machines, processes, run jobs, create schedules - practically do anything you need, all from one centralized, secure location on the cloud.

If you already are a Community Edition user, you are automatically migrated to the Community plan. Have no fear, the Community plan is and will remain free. More so, you actually get access, free of charge, to:

* 2 Development Robots to use with your Studios
* 2 Attended Robots
* 1 Unattended Robot.

If you represent a company with annual revenue less than $5,000,000 and fewer than 250 machines, you can also sign up for the Community plan, granting you free access to all the goodies described above.

If you find yourself in need of more licenses in the future, you can upgrade to the Enterprise plan.


### Key Benefits




### Features




### Known Issues

* We support only the Chrome web browser for the moment.
* We do not offer localization and accessibility at this time.
* Any previous automations connecting to your Orchestrator Community Edition using HTTP Request activity - instead of Orchestrator HTTP activity, fails. As a workaround, please use the Orchestrator HTTP Request activity, or use OpenID protocol.
* Only the user with Account Owner role can change their name. An error appears when any other user with Account Administrator role tries to change the Account Owner’s name.
* If you use unicode characters (such as Japanese) in the Company name when signing up for your account, the service created by default within the account will not be accessible. However, you can use unicode characters for your Company name after account creation, but not for your services. Make sure you don’t use such characters when editing a service name, nor when changing the site URL within the Account Settings page. Warning! Providing unicode characters in your site URL renders your Cloud Platform account in inconsistent state!
* You can’t have more than one service opened in the same browser session. All services opened in the same browser session in different tabs are refreshed to the latest opened tab.
* Signing up for an account or accepting an invite requires you to verify your email address by clicking a link received in a confirmation email. If for some reason you don’t receive such an email, please click Forgot Password in the Login page to trigger the reset password flow and receive an email.
* While accessing a service from your UiPath Cloud Platform account, the pop-up alerts aren't displayed when Robots are disconnected, jobs or schedules failed, or custom alerts should be triggered. However, you can find relevant information displayed in the Alerts drop-down.
* Having both IPv6 and IPv4 configured to connect to the internet might trigger an error message when accessing a service from your Cloud Platform account. Try disabling IPv6 from your computer’s network card, as described here .
* If you’re having difficulties activating your free licenses, install the latest v2019.5 Studio Community Edition by downloading it from the Resource Center page within your Cloud Platform account.


### Accessing It

Piqued your interest? To start using UiPath Cloud Platform right away, go to platform.uipath.com. Sign up for an account if you are not yet a Community Edition user. If you are, just log in with your existing Orchestrator Community Edition credentials, and enjoy the ride!

Try it out, enjoy, and let us know what you think. Remember, we are in Public Preview phase, a special time when your feedback, thoughts, or questions are more than appreciated, so please submit them here. It would be great if you could use one of the bug,suggestions,how-to,error, or general-inquiry tags to help us filter everything easier.

Happy automation!

