# Update Profile

# Description

Update a subscriber profile in Klaviyo.

# Untitled Section

text="Type the content"

# Configuration

Profile ID - The primary key that uniquely identifies a profile, generated by Klaviyo. This field supports String type input.Email - The email of the subscriber profile. This field supports String type input.Phone - The phone of the subscriber profile, in E.164 format. This field supports String type input.External ID - The ID used by customers to associate Klaviyo profiles with profiles in an external system, such as a point-of-sale system. This field supports String type input.First name - The first name of the subscriber profile. This field supports String type input.Last name - The last name of the subscriber profile. This field supports String type input.Organization - The company of the subscriber profile. This field supports String type input.







* Title - The title of the subscriber profile. This field supports String type input.
* Address 1 - The address of the subscriber profile. This field supports String type input.
* City - The city of the subscriber profile. This field supports String type input.
* Country - The country of the subscriber profile. This field supports String type input.
* Property keys - Property keys assigned to the profile. This field supports String type input.
* Property values - Property values assigned to the profile. This field supports String type input.



* Profile - Automatically generated output variable.
