# Using custom email settings

Customizing mail settings helps you tailor your email communication to precise specifications.

Go to Admin, select your organization, and then select Mail Settings. The Mail Settings page for the organization opens.Go to Admin, and from the top left corner, select Host (for host email settings), or your organization name (for organization-specific email settings). Then select Mail Settings. The Mail Settings page opens.Select the Use custom mail settings checkbox to set up your own server.Configure the custom email settings, by providing the neccessary information for your SMTP configuration.After entering the SMTP details, select Test mail settings to validate your settings. The Test mail settings page opens.Add an email address for sending the test email, and select Send. This sends a test email to a designated email address to ensure that your configuration is correct and functioning as expected. Make sure to check your inbox for the test email.Once the test email is successfully sent and received, select Save to save the custom SMTP settings. This applies the custom configuration to all emails sent within the context of the organization.Once the test email is successfully sent and received, select Save to save the SMTP settings. Custom email settings, when configured at the host level, apply to the host and all of its child organizations that do not have a custom configuration of their own. At the organization level, selecting custom settings allows you to implement a unique configuration that is specific to that particular organization. This configuration overrides any settings inherited from the host level, be they default or custom.

### Custom email settings

# Untitled Section

SettingDescriptionExampleHostnameThe SMTP server that handles the sending of your emails.Smtp.office.comDomainThe email server responsible for handling emails.Provider.comPortThe communication port used for sending emails. Port 25 is commonly used, but some email providers also offer ports like 587.25TimeoutMaximum duration that the system waits for a response from the SMTP server. If the server does not respond within the specified timeout period, the attempt is considered unsuccessful.180,000 msUse TLS encryptionWhen enabled, it ensures that sensitive data remains confidential during transit.N/ARequire authenticationWhen enabled, you should provide valid credentials (username and password) before the system is allowed to send emails through the SMTP server.Username: name@name.comPassword: ********Sender addressThe email address that is used as the source of the emails being sent. It represents the identity of the sender and is displayed in the recipient's inbox as the address from which the email originated.admin@mydomain.comSender nameThe human-readable name associated with the sender's email address. It appears alongside the sender's email address in the recipient's inbox.mydomain.com mailer

